# PrivateBot
A discord bot written for my and friends personal use, published on Github for educational purposes and code archiving.

An in-depth code documentation is available [here](./docs).

This bot is written in TypeScript and uses the [discord.js](https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js) library.
It is designed to be modular and easily extensible.

The bot is designed to be run on a private server, it **does not** give you standard administration privileges.

A description how to setup the bot's `.env` file can be found in its [example template](./docs/.env.example).


## Dependencies

> Can be viewed in the `package.json` file.



## Features

- [x] Modular design (Built after a Manager-Task pattern, where the Manager is a topic that executes tasks).
- [x] Own command handler (that formats commands directly if they fail to pass Discord criteria).
- [x] Own Localization system (English & German) -> [view here](./src/classes/localisation/Localisation.ts).
- [x] Own Error handling system (Catches unexpected errors).

### Topics

- [x] Fetching Ebay offers based on search terms (API).
- [x] Searching current free games on the Steam platform (+ DLC check).
- [x] Searching current free games on the Epic Games platform (WIP).
- [x] Searching free Genshin Impact Promo Codes (WIP).



## Commands

> The bot utilizes a command handler, that registers commands as slash commands.

- /view-tasks -> views all the Tasks registered within the bot and reports their status (Started, Failed, Completed).
- /add-ebay-search -> adds a new search term to the Ebay search Task.
- /delete-ebay-search -> removes a search term from the Ebay search Task.
- /view-ebay-search -> views all the search terms registered within the Ebay search Task.


## Setup

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `npm install` in root to install all dependencies.
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory and fill it with the necessary information (see [.env.example](./docs/.env.example)).
4. Run `npm run build` to compile the TypeScript code.
5. Run `npm start` to start the bot.
6. Invite the bot to your server using the OAuth2 link generated by the bot.
7. Enjoy the bot!


## License & Credits

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Made by [Montrii](https://www.github.com/Montrii) with ❤️.
